Title: TechCrunch | Startup and Technology News
Publication Date: Unknown
Content:


		Latest	



		AI	



		Amazon	



		Apps	



		Biotech & Health	



		Climate	



		Cloud Computing	



		Commerce	



		Crypto	



		Enterprise	



		EVs	



		Fintech	



		Fundraising	



		Gadgets	



		Gaming	



		Google	



		Government & Policy	



		Hardware	



		Instagram	



		Layoffs	



		Media & Entertainment	



		Meta	



		Microsoft	



		Privacy	



		Robotics	



		Security	



		Social	



		Space	



		Startups	



		TikTok	



		Transportation	



		Venture	



		Events	



		Startup Battlefield	



		StrictlyVC	



		Newsletters	



		Podcasts	



		Videos	



		Partner Content	



		TechCrunch Brand Studio	



		Crunchboard	



		Contact Us	

Top Headlines

 SpaceX Starship spirals out of control in second straight test flight failure

 Google co-founder Larry Page reportedly has a new AI startup

 Scale AI is being investigated by the US Department of Labor

 Hugging Face’s chief science officer worries AI is becoming ‘yes-men on servers’

 ChatGPT on macOS can now directly edit code

 Mistral adds a new API that turns any PDF document into an AI-ready Markdown file

 OpenAI reportedly plans to charge up to $20,000 a month for specialized AI ‘agents’

Catch up on trending topics
San Francisco | April 3, 2025
UC Berkeley | June 5, 2025
Menlo Park | June 18, 2025
Boston | July 15, 2025
San Francisco | October 27 – 29, 2025
Subscribe for the industry’s biggest tech news
Every weekday and Sunday, you can get the best of TechCrunch’s coverage.
Startups are the core of TechCrunch, so get our best coverage delivered weekly.
Get the best of our coverage, delivered to your inbox every Saturday.
TechCrunch Mobility is your destination for transportation news and insight.
By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice.
Researchers at Google DeepMind published a demonstration of miniature humanoid robots playing a one-on-one game of soccer.
More From:

				Equity is TechCrunch’s flagship podcast about the business of startups, unpacked by the writers who know best. Produced by Theresa Loconsolo. Edited by Kell.			

				Each week, StrictlyVC’s host and TechCrunch Editor-in-Chief Connie Loizos, with Alex Gove, former journalist, VC and operating exec, review the top stories in StrictlyVC and interview a mover and shaker in the world of tech.			
© 2024 Yahoo.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: WIRED - The Latest in Technology, Science, Culture and Business | WIRED
Publication Date: Unknown
Content:
More From WIRED
Reviews and Guides
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. WIRED may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title: The Verge
Publication Date: Unknown
Content:
Leaked plans reveal the ambitions — and risk appetite — of the biggest YouTuber on earth.
Feed refreshed Mar 7
 XO MWC
That’s one of the minor changes the Justice Department made to its proposed final judgement in its antitrust case. The DOJ Antitrust Division is still operating under an acting chief as President Donald Trump’s nominee Gail Slater awaits confirmation. But so far, the government made only small tweaks to its asks based on discovery. It’s no longer asking that Google divest AI investments, for example, but that it give a heads up on future ones.
[storage.courtlistener.com]
...in Boston.
Phil Molyneux is stepping down as chief executive of the embattled e-bike company, Electrek reports. The once dominant e-bike company has faced a series of challenges over the years, including layoffs, recalls, import taxes, lawsuits, and regulations. And now it appears to be going through another leadership shakeup. Molyneux, a former Sony and Dyson executive, was Rad Power Bikes’ chief operating officer when founder and CEO Mike Radenbaugh tapped him as his replacement. According to Electrek, the company’s CFO Stephanie Roberts will serve as interim CEO while the board searches for a replacement.
[electrek.co]
Kate Siber documented her recent experience taking her work outside every day for a month for Outside (via Jason Kottke). After reading this, I kind of want to try it, too.
[outsideonline.com]
Meta is testing a new feature that lets you add specific topics to a dedicated “Interests” section on your Threads profile, as spotted by @faslu_35. The company confirmed the test to TechCrunch.
This perfect billboard was spotted in LA by The Curbivore (which crossed my radar via Glenn Mercer’s Car Charts). My hat’s off to the Law Brothers’ pun game. And the fact that this photo was taken from a Waymo vehicle is just the cherry on top.

Officials are also weighing banning DeepSeek from US app stores and “putting limits” on cloud providers’ ability to offer access to its cost-efficient AI models, according to a report from The Wall Street Journal. Both the Navy and NASA have already blocked the Chinese startup’s technology over security concerns.
[wsj.com]
While Musk and Rubio beefed about who should really be in charge of the state department, an unelected billionaire or the secretary of state, “the president sat back in his chair, arms folded, as if he were watching a tennis match.” The result of the meeting was the first attempt to put any brakes on Musk’s power. Good luck with that!
[nytimes.com]
Former Gizmodo EIC Dan Ackerman’s lawsuit alleging that Apple, the Tetris company, screenwriter Noah Pink and others ripped off his 2016 book, The Tetris Effect: The Game That Hypnotized the World, for their 2023 Apple TV Plus movie has been dismissed. Reuters reports Ackerman’s lawyer said he will appeal the decision.
In her ruling, Judge Katherine Failla writes:
Ultimately, the Court finds that Defendants’ Film is not substantially similar to Plaintiff’s Book and that Plaintiff has failed to allege that Defendants misappropriated the way he selected, coordinated, and arranged the facts in his Book.
Where the Book’s tone is informative, the Film’s is suspenseful and dramatic, at times deviating from the true facts underlying the story and going so far as to invent an entire KGB subplot, which takes up significant screen time, to create that theatrical effect.
The mute key’s label now features a speaker with a strike through it so it more closely resembles the icon that appears in macOS when pressed, as spotted by iCulture. Apple made the change on the new iPad Air’s Magic Keyboard, too.
Lena Raine, the composer of Celeste’s amazing soundtrack, shared some songs from the Celeste team’s cancelled game Earthblade on Bandcamp.
“Because we’ll never get a chance to tell that story in game form, I decided to cobble together every bit of music I’d written for the game to the point of its cancellation in order to tell my own version of it,” Raine says.
By the way, Bandcamp Fridays are back for 2025.
Update: Added Bandcamp Fridays link.
[radicaldreamland.bandcamp.com]
That was the working title of Balatro, according to a blog post from developer LocalThunk about the development of the game. The production working folder for the Balatro source code is apparently still titled “CardGame.”
[localthunk.com]
Last year, United announced its intention to upgrade its entire fleet with Wi-Fi powered by Elon Musk’s Starlink satellites. As of today, the first Starlink-equipped regional plane is ready to fly. United said it only took about 8 hours to install the equipment, which is about 10 times faster than installing non-Starlink WiFi tech. The carrier plans to upgrade approximately 40 planes each month starting in May, with the goal of equipping the entire fleet of two-cabin regional aircraft by the end of the year.
His distorted face has been inescapable on social media — blown up and tinted like a blueberry, smooth and textureless, edited as a Minion and Furby. What began as “an easy own” has spiraled into a full-blown meme of making the vice president look like a child with a propeller hat and candy. Vance, apparently, is definitely not mad and is laughing, actually.
A day after workers at the US African Development Foundation blocked Elon Musk’s cronies from entering their office, DOGE employees came back with federal marshals, The New York Times reports. The DOGE team had been described as “very young men” with backpacks. This Times photo shows the DOGE employees entering on Thursday with their escort.
We gave a brief overview of the components that make up the prototype AR glasses in our Orion hands-on, but Meta just released a series of blogs that go deep. I mean real deep into why they picked silicon carbide, as well as the tech in its custom silicon chips and compute pucks. There’s also some neat photos, especially in the blog on the silicon chips, that give you a good sense of all the tech in those glasses.

Google’s new affordable phone has leaked repeatedly already, but it’s back again in new images shared by Evan Blass on X. They’re mostly marketing images and renders of the purple model — supposedly dubbed “Iris” — and closely match the design we’ve seen before, complete with an almost perfectly flat camera bump.
The 9A is rumored to launch this month with a bigger battery, new cameras, and a $499 starting price.
Meta AI fans on Android will soon be able to get to the chatbot more quickly via WhatsApp. A widget is in the works offering direct shortcuts to open the chat with the AI, send an image to it, or begin a voice chat. Some WhatsApp beta users already have the widgets available, though no date’s been set for an official launch.
Meta is reportedly working on a standalone AI app too.
Following the Miraidon project created by Toyota last year, both of the legendary mascots from Pokémon Scarlet and Violet have now been brought to life. The life-size Koraidon prototype is on display until Sunday at Tokyo’s Honda Aoyama Building. Its legs can actually move to imitate how the Pokémon runs in-game! The bike is only for show right now, but may be moving by this summer at a leisurely 6 mph.
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
